Release v2.20 (#4)
loongson/la-abi-specs: lapcs.adoc

and/or integer members it contains. A structure argument can be passed
in up to two registers if available.

The storage layout of a structure containing other structures or arrays
is the same as its flattened counterpart, where the member structures are
replaced by its individual members and member arrays of length n (n > 0)
are broken down into n consecutive members of its element type.

NOTE: Empty structures or unions are zero-sized in C while they have
the size of 1 byte in {Cpp}.

For example, `struct { struct { double d[1]; } a[2]; }` and
`struct { double d0; double d1; }` should have the same storage layout when
passed as function parameters.

*Structures without floating-point members*

* w~arg~ > 2 × GRLEN

** The argument is passed by reference, i.e. replaced in the argument list with
its memory address. If there is an available GAR, the address is passed in the
GAR, otherwise it is passed on the stack.

* GRLEN < w~arg~ ≤ 2 × GRLEN

** The argument is passed in a pair of GARs with adjacent numbers, with the
lower-ordered GRLEN bits in the low-numbered register. If only one GAR is
available, the lower-ordered GRLEN bits are passed in this register and the

> most-significant GRLEN bits are passed on the stack. If no GAR is available, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
higher-ordered GRLEN bits are passed on the stack. If no GAR is available, the
```

For some more symmetry because the previous clause referred to the "lower-ordered" bits?
